well we are back from rift rivals here
at the LCS and I'm joined by Adrian
who's now on Danis house first time I've
interviewed him since he's joined this
team so now that you've been on a couple
different teams and now you've landed on
Digg what is the team environment like
on this team Adrian I feel like Jean
vitamin is really good because like we
mean I'll say I didn't team like we
notice it was like pretty big problems
on team like when we started playing
like it motivated like all the players
to put try harder and all the coaches to
try harder and like they're in a slump
before we joined I think and now that
everyone's really motivated to try hard
and do the best for the worlds and how
does yellow look on me it's good it's
good I think a fan drove by and honked
at you as they were they really we know
yellow looks good on you
I'll never forget the red and the black
you know but I think it was tipped yeah
you know you know you remember the tip
colors I don't remember this okay Larry
my memory all a blur well either way so
everything seems to be improving is what
I'm hearing everything's going really
well like I just started screaming last
week so like it's still like a lot of
improvement like it still feel like a
new team kind of below or improving
really fast like it's summer split like
mid split so we have a lot of catching
up to do but like we're really good no
yeah well it's excited to see you too so
well on the stage I mean did you expect
to do so well against CLG who's been
looking really well I didn't expect us
to do as dominant we were like I
expected a bit like closer games
I think game two was pretty blown out
like I expected to go to maybe like game
theory because like we're a new team and
like judges been together for so long
and like a three and expected that we
told them that easily what how do you
feel about your own personal performance
on your own personal strength right now
because you know as you mentioned you
just start screaming again recently and
you you know you've been out of LCS
limelight as a whole for a little bit so
how do you feel about your personal
strength right now I was actually like
pretty scared I was coming back and I
was like I didn't play for that much I
had a break and like what if I don't
know the right champions are better like
like that's just really easy to get back
into the game like I feel like I'm the
strongest I am right now because like
I'm playing like I can play every style
like I feel like I'm really improving
like I think I'm really strong player
right now do you feel like practice is
overrated that's what I'm hearing you're
like I could just disappear for a couple
and then come back everything's gonna be
fine that's what double that is I have
the same thing pretty easy I mean more
and more maybe maybe you don't need to
even need to be here for spring split
maybe all the players don't need to be
here for spring split they just come
back for summer and it's great yeah
could be a possibility not really good
stream split I think is what we're
starting to call it
all right let's discuss generally
speaking you know what do you think digs
chances are of racing up and getting
themselves in a really really good
position before playoffs I think we have
a really good chance actually since we
just beat CLG like I still think we'll
have a tough chance going in c9 and TSM
because there's such a strong team and
like they played together for so long
and like we saw a lot of communication
problems that we need to work out and
like TSM 89 don't have those kind of run
the thing so like whether just keep
trying hard and practice hard and do our
best
very good well is there anything that
you want to say to any of the fans that
are excited to see you on Digg or
excited to see you back on stage after a
while I add is like just keep supporting
us and like hopefully we do well and go
to Worlds that'd be sick well excited to
see you back on stage congratulations
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
eSports here on my youtube channel yeah
what is it that you didn't hear that the
news how do you keep that oh yeah well
I've had a YouTube channel I used to
watch it YouTube videos but it's the
same one yes yeah that's totally yeah
that one it's I'm bringing it back
either yeah okay thank you thank you so
much for watching my interviews and
supporting me during this a difficult
time it's not that difficult actually
things are fine but you can continue to
support me by subscribing to my youtube
channel or just heading over to Travis
CARICOM slash support